CASSANDRA-18185 Accumulate all `docs` PR (#2062)
apache/cassandra: doc/modules/cassandra/pages/cql/types.adoc

.Warning
====
The append and prepend operations are not idempotent by nature. So in

> particular, if one of these operations timeout, then retrying the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
particular, if one of these operations times out, then retrying the
```
